SEC-2258 - Added new method update TTL attribute to table manager (#22)
Sage/dynamodb_framework: README.md

    #update the index
    manager.update_index_throughput('event_tracking', 'type_index', 50, 20)

### #update_ttl_attribute

This method is called to update the ttl attribute of a table.

**Params** 

 - **table_name** [String] [Required] This is the name of the table the attribute belongs to.

>  - **time_to_live_status** [Boolean] [Required] This is true to turn TTL on on the table or false to turn it off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - **enabled** [Boolean] [Required] This is true to turn TTL on the table or false to turn it off.
```
